[Music]
hi guys
and this is my new kitchen so I'm really
excited here and welcome to my youtube
channel
and today I'm making a very yummy dish
it's called beef goulash and it's an
Eastern European dish but originally
comes from Hungary and I'll show you a
very easy way to make it and I hope you
press all your family friends partners
and so on so we're going to be needing
400 grams of beef cut into slices and
I've got here 2 tablespoons of flour 1
teaspoon of paprika 1 tablespoon of
tomato puree half a pepper you can use
red or green I've got 2 bay leaves 1
onion 2 cloves of garlic and then here
we've got about 300 meters of beef stock
and 200 grams of canned tomatoes which
is about half a can I'm using 100
millilitres of red wine you can get any
cheap one
salt pepper creme fraiche or sour cream
and two carrots and about 400 grams of
baby or new potatoes ok first of all
we're gonna Brown our beef self prepared
my pan heat it up now it's very hot and
we're gonna Brown the beef until it's
very very dark and color and then take
it off the pan
once you go follow on all sides just
take it out the steak is cooked from
both sides and don't leave it to
overcook because it's going to become
really chewy and we want me to be very
soft just take it out into a plate and
put it aside
[Music]
mmm this smells so good the whole house
smells like absolutely amazing you can
see it's been simmering for about one
and a half hours it became like a solid
liquid source now we're gonna do we're
gonna add our potatoes and let it cook
for another half an hour and then it's
ready to go just mix those in I'm really
hungry comment to try this and before
you put salt and pepper taste a little
bit see how much you need
because usually all the flavors from the
vegetables and the means and obviously
the red wine sauce it's very very salty
already from natural sugar so just add a
little bit try it and let it simmer for
more it's all done up look at this oh my
god it's amazing I'm really hungry one
of trying to give it's a bit hard to
hold this plate back it's hot it's
really hot and oh my god mm-hmm
this is amazing guys try this recipe
it's absolutely delicious hope you
enjoyed this video please like and share
and teach soon bye
[Music]
yes